## August 2017

##### 8/7 M

- Met Mr. Iwakura
- Saw a rainbow from his car
- Moving in
- Surprise gift by Mr. Pupa (John's father): local cookies and candies
- Met roommate Jackson

##### 8/8 Tu

- Get apartment keys form the Stanhope office
- Walked to Engineer Building in the rain (30 min)
- Met Dr. Weinberg
- Studied chemistry at the Hunt Library
- Pre-orientation Social by CCAP
- Met Aubrey & Chinese-born Orion
- Studied chemistry till 3 a.m.

##### 8/9 W

- Took Chemistry Placement Exam at 7 a.m. => passed
- However, CH-101 was already full
- Met Chinese-born Paul
- Orientation by OIS
- Lunch at Clark Dining Hall
- Campus tour
- Met Yumi at a meeting by Global Student Government

##### 8/10 Th

- No orientation in the morning
- Went to Bank of America
- Paid the tuition
- Talked with Dr. Weinberg on the phone
- No orientation in the afternoon (only for First-year students)
- Stayed at the D.H. Hill Library
- Finally registered for classes
- Alcohol EDU
- Picked up my packages

##### 8/11 F

- Picked up textbooks
- Registered for Econimics class
- Orientation for Transfer students
- Lunch at Fountain Dining Hall
- Met Raphiel, Nail, and Johney
- Signed up for GoPass (the menu hadn't shown up because of my late class enrollment)
- Had dinner with Aubrey & CCAP-22 members at Chipotle

##### 8/12 Sa

- Opened a new account of Bank of America
- Purchased the everyday meal plan
- Brunch at Clark Dining Hall
- UJA video conference (invited by Mr. Karakami)
- Met roommate Kenny
- Met Alex's gf
- Went to Wendy's drive-thru w/ Kenny & his gf

##### 8/13 Su

- Brunch at Fountain Dining Hall
- Picked up a textbook for Economics
- Out-of-State Student Welcome
- Rec Fest at Miller Field
- Met Aaron, Isaac, Facilia, and so on
- Fried Oreo
- Wrestling
- Donut with bacon and nuts
- ABC: American-born Chinese
- Freshman fifteen: everyone gains 15 pounds in their Freshman years
- Five levels of 'fat'

##### 8/14 M

- Breakfast at Fountain
- IOS Check-in session
- Lunch at Clark
- Kenny lent me his running shoes
- Met Alex
- Found GameCube
- Dinner with Mr. & Mrs. Smith & Yumi
- Moonlight Howl and Run

##### 8/15 Tu

- How-to-thrive sessions
- productive hours vs. restorative hours
- Met Patrick and Claudia at dinner, both of whom are freshmen yet have earned 40 credits

##### 8/16 W

- First day of class: Economics, Physics, Java, Calculus3
- VCS
- AFS
- Maple
- Dinner with Paul

##### 8/17 Th

- Registered for E 115 Credit by Exam
- Engineer Welcome: Dr. Christine Mann Darden

#### 8/18 F

- Had a bad dream: I got bad grades this semester, a plane I was riding crashed on land, and I was somewhat rude to my friends and made them upset.
- Took E-115 exam--so hard and very much connected to the NCSU-specific environment
- International Student Welcome Party
- Line dance
- Played Super Mario Sunshine on GameCube

#### 8/19 Sa

- Fire alarm went off at 1:30 am
- Heard someone had smoked in the room
- Packapalooza
- Parade of Flags: carried the flag of Antigua and Barbuda
- Met Grant and talked at Jubala Coffee

##### 8/20 Su

- Learned Maple at the library
- Played keyboard and talked with Kenny
- Passed E-115 Credit by Exam: 85/100, 88.5/100

##### 8/21 M

- Great American Eclipse: waited for 1.5 hours but couldn't get free glasses
- Met J.C. at the terrace of the library while watching the solar eclipse
- Could not see Dr. Vogt in his office hour
- Create Word document for Brad
- Playground fix request from Karolina

##### 8/22 Tu

- Met Kristen and Courtney in PY-206
- Taught Kristen Linux & Java environment
- 1-second Everyday
- E-101: Animatronics
- Labview
- Singed up for 9/2 excursion

#### 8/23 W

- Practice It!
- Saw Mr. Vogt and talked about functional programming and the Lambda calculus
- Math test problems: curvature, orthogonal functions

